# CS-360-15465-M01-Mobile-Architect-Programming-2025-C-2-Mar-Apr-
<h3>Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?</h3>
<p>The goal of Knifty is to help users keep track of their yarn stash. As a crocheter myself, I struggle to keep track of all the different yarns that I have, and I wanted to develop an app for people like me. There have been so many times that I find a project I want to create and I think I have exactly what I need, only to discover upon searching through my yarn that I don't have enough matching (or complimentary) colors, or I have the right colors, but they're the wrong weight, meaning I can't do the project. I want to avoid buying more yarn than I need, so having an inventory tracker like Knifty means that I can easily check what I already have!</p>
<h3>What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?</h3>
<p>My app includes a login screen, a grid to display all the yarn items, and a pop-up dialog box which allows the user to input the yarn information. I wanted to keep the design simple enough that anyone can use the app.</p>
<h3>How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?</h3>
<p>The progression of the project through its different phases during this course lends well to the development process. I started by coming up with an idea, then I outlined some thoughts on how I could organize the app, and how I might design it. Then I worked on the bones of the program, just setting up some of the resourses and planning out what screens might be needed. After this I worked on the actual functionality. This incremental style of working made things much easier, and I will be sure to plan out my future builds in a similar way.</p>
<h3>How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?</h3>
<p>Android Studio has the emulator feature which is incredibly useful. In another assignment I made a game where the user would shake their phone to make the character jump, which was very funny. I had to mess around with the emulator a bit to figure out how to test that functionality, but when I was able to find it I was having fun playing my game! In the case of Knifty it was much more straightforward, I was able to go through the steps of creating an account and logging in and adding items to the database. Being able to work through this process allowed me to find some little bugs which affected the usability of the app, despite not throwing any errors.</p>
<h3>In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?</h3>
<p>I'm honestly just happy I was able to create an app at all. I feel very proud of my work and I'm excited to make more apps in the future.</p>
